Chore: removing typo (#4907)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: pages/docs/environments/local-development-docker-compose.mdx

3) You can now access the application at `http://localhost:3000`.

> 4) If you are making any changes to the dependencies, it's recommended to rebuild the images with the following command. 

Reviewer: I think it would be better as:
```suggestion
4) If you make any changes to the dependencies, it's recommended to rebuild the images with the following command. 
```
What do you think!? 🤔

Author: Yeah sure!
